modules/mongodb/README.md, before:

# Mongo Atlas Database Cluster (MongoDB)

## Overview

## Learn

[Three Member Replica Sets](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/core/replica-set-architecture-three-members/)

Has region, insatnce sizes, and integrations
[MongoDB AWS Reference](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/amazon-aws/)


<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.5.5)

- <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) (>= 5.0)

- <a name="requirement_mongodbatlas"></a> [mongodbatlas](#requirement\_mongodbatlas) (>= 1.12.1)

## Sample Usage

```hcl
module "example" {


	 source  = "github.com/Cyber4All/terraform-cyber4all-catalog//modules/<REPLACE_WITH_MODULE>?ref=v<REPLACE_WITH_VERSION>"


	 # --------------------------------------------
	 # Required variables
	 # --------------------------------------------


	 # Name of the cluster as it appears in Atlas. Once the cluster is created, its name cannot be changed. WARNING: Changing the name will result in destruction of the existing cluster and the creation of a new cluster.
	 cluster_name  = string


	 # Name of the project as it appears in Atlas to deploy the cluster into.
	 project_name  = string


	 # --------------------------------------------
	 # Optional variables
	 # --------------------------------------------


	 # Capacity, in gigabytes, of the host's root volume. Increase this number to add capacity, up to a maximum possible value of 4096 (i.e., 4 TB). This value must be a positive integer.
	 cluster_disk_size_gb  = number


	 # The Atlas instance size name. Each Atlas instance size has a unique combination of memory, and storage capacity. See https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/amazon-aws/#cluster-configuration-options for more info.
	 cluster_instance_name  = string


	 # Version of the cluster to deploy. This module supports 4.4, 5.0, or 6.0. By default 5.0 is deployed.
	 cluster_mongodb_version  = string


	 # The AWS region to deploy the cluster into.
	 cluster_region  = string


	 # Set to true to enable auto scaling for the cluster's compute and storage. Recommended for production clusters.
	 enable_cluster_auto_scaling  = bool


	 # Set to true to allow Atlas to automatically update your cluster to the latest patch release of the MongoDB version specified in the cluster_mongodb_version field.
	 enable_cluster_automated_patches  = bool


	 # Set to true to enable backups for the cluster. Recommended for production clusters.
	 enable_cluster_backups  = bool


	 # Set to true to prevent terraform from deleting the Atlas cluster. Recommended for production clusters.
	 enable_cluster_terimination_protection  = bool


	 # Set to true to retain backup snapshots for the deleted cluster. Recommended for production clusters.
	 enable_retain_deleted_cluster_backups  = bool



}
```
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name)

Description: Name of the cluster as it appears in Atlas. Once the cluster is created, its name cannot be changed. WARNING: Changing the name will result in destruction of the existing cluster and the creation of a new cluster.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name)

Description: Name of the project as it appears in Atlas to deploy the cluster into.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_cluster_disk_size_gb"></a> [cluster\_disk\_size\_gb](#input\_cluster\_disk\_size\_gb)

Description: Capacity, in gigabytes, of the host's root volume. Increase this number to add capacity, up to a maximum possible value of 4096 (i.e., 4 TB). This value must be a positive integer.

Type: `number`

Default: `10`

### <a name="input_cluster_instance_name"></a> [cluster\_instance\_name](#input\_cluster\_instance\_name)

Description: The Atlas instance size name. Each Atlas instance size has a unique combination of memory, and storage capacity. See https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/amazon-aws/#cluster-configuration-options for more info.

Type: `string`

Default: `"M10"`

### <a name="input_cluster_mongodb_version"></a> [cluster\_mongodb\_version](#input\_cluster\_mongodb\_version)

Description: Version of the cluster to deploy. This module supports 4.4, 5.0, or 6.0. By default 5.0 is deployed.

Type: `string`

Default: `"5.0"`

### <a name="input_cluster_region"></a> [cluster\_region](#input\_cluster\_region)

Description: The AWS region to deploy the cluster into.

Type: `string`

Default: `"us-east-1"`

### <a name="input_enable_cluster_auto_scaling"></a> [enable\_cluster\_auto\_scaling](#input\_enable\_cluster\_auto\_scaling)

Description: Set to true to enable auto scaling for the cluster's compute and storage. Recommended for production clusters.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_enable_cluster_automated_patches"></a> [enable\_cluster\_automated\_patches](#input\_enable\_cluster\_automated\_patches)

Description: Set to true to allow Atlas to automatically update your cluster to the latest patch release of the MongoDB version specified in the cluster\_mongodb\_version field.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_enable_cluster_backups"></a> [enable\_cluster\_backups](#input\_enable\_cluster\_backups)

Description: Set to true to enable backups for the cluster. Recommended for production clusters.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_enable_cluster_terimination_protection"></a> [enable\_cluster\_terimination\_protection](#input\_enable\_cluster\_terimination\_protection)

Description: Set to true to prevent terraform from deleting the Atlas cluster. Recommended for production clusters.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_enable_retain_deleted_cluster_backups"></a> [enable\_retain\_deleted\_cluster\_backups](#input\_enable\_retain\_deleted\_cluster\_backups)

Description: Set to true to retain backup snapshots for the deleted cluster. Recommended for production clusters.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

add database access resources using iam

modules/mongodb/README.md, after:

# Mongo Atlas Database Cluster (MongoDB)

## Overview

## Learn

[Three Member Replica Sets](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/core/replica-set-architecture-three-members/)

Has region, insatnce sizes, and integrations
[MongoDB AWS Reference](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/amazon-aws/)


<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.5.5)

- <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) (>= 5.0)

- <a name="requirement_mongodbatlas"></a> [mongodbatlas](#requirement\_mongodbatlas) (>= 1.12.1)

## Sample Usage

```hcl
module "example" {


	 source  = "github.com/Cyber4All/terraform-cyber4all-catalog//modules/<REPLACE_WITH_MODULE>?ref=v<REPLACE_WITH_VERSION>"


	 # --------------------------------------------
	 # Required variables
	 # --------------------------------------------


	 # Name of the cluster as it appears in Atlas. Once the cluster is created, its name cannot be changed. WARNING: Changing the name will result in destruction of the existing cluster and the creation of a new cluster.
	 cluster_name  = string


	 # Name of the project as it appears in Atlas to deploy the cluster into.
	 project_name  = string


	 # --------------------------------------------
	 # Optional variables
	 # --------------------------------------------


	 # Create a map of AWS IAM roles to assign an admin, readWrite, or read database role to the cluster's databases.
	 cluster_authorized_iam_roles  = map(string)


	 # Create a map of AWS IAM users to assign an admin, readWrite, or read database role to the cluster's databases.
	 cluster_authorized_iam_users  = map(string)


	 # Capacity, in gigabytes, of the host's root volume. Increase this number to add capacity, up to a maximum possible value of 4096 (i.e., 4 TB). This value must be a positive integer.
	 cluster_disk_size_gb  = number


	 # The Atlas instance size name. Each Atlas instance size has a unique combination of memory, and storage capacity. See https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/amazon-aws/#cluster-configuration-options for more info.
	 cluster_instance_name  = string


	 # Version of the cluster to deploy. This module supports 4.4, 5.0, or 6.0. By default 5.0 is deployed.
	 cluster_mongodb_version  = string


	 # The AWS region to deploy the cluster into.
	 cluster_region  = string


	 # Set to true to enable auto scaling for the cluster's compute and storage. Recommended for production clusters.
	 enable_cluster_auto_scaling  = bool


	 # Set to true to allow Atlas to automatically update your cluster to the latest patch release of the MongoDB version specified in the cluster_mongodb_version field.
	 enable_cluster_automated_patches  = bool


	 # Set to true to enable backups for the cluster. Recommended for production clusters.
	 enable_cluster_backups  = bool


	 # Set to true to prevent terraform from deleting the Atlas cluster. Recommended for production clusters.
	 enable_cluster_terimination_protection  = bool


	 # Set to true to retain backup snapshots for the deleted cluster. Recommended for production clusters.
	 enable_retain_deleted_cluster_backups  = bool



}
```
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name)

Description: Name of the cluster as it appears in Atlas. Once the cluster is created, its name cannot be changed. WARNING: Changing the name will result in destruction of the existing cluster and the creation of a new cluster.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name)

Description: Name of the project as it appears in Atlas to deploy the cluster into.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_cluster_authorized_iam_roles"></a> [cluster\_authorized\_iam\_roles](#input\_cluster\_authorized\_iam\_roles)

Description: Create a map of AWS IAM roles to assign an admin, readWrite, or read database role to the cluster's databases.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_cluster_authorized_iam_users"></a> [cluster\_authorized\_iam\_users](#input\_cluster\_authorized\_iam\_users)

Description: Create a map of AWS IAM users to assign an admin, readWrite, or read database role to the cluster's databases.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_cluster_disk_size_gb"></a> [cluster\_disk\_size\_gb](#input\_cluster\_disk\_size\_gb)

Description: Capacity, in gigabytes, of the host's root volume. Increase this number to add capacity, up to a maximum possible value of 4096 (i.e., 4 TB). This value must be a positive integer.

Type: `number`

Default: `10`

### <a name="input_cluster_instance_name"></a> [cluster\_instance\_name](#input\_cluster\_instance\_name)

Description: The Atlas instance size name. Each Atlas instance size has a unique combination of memory, and storage capacity. See https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/amazon-aws/#cluster-configuration-options for more info.

Type: `string`

Default: `"M10"`

### <a name="input_cluster_mongodb_version"></a> [cluster\_mongodb\_version](#input\_cluster\_mongodb\_version)

Description: Version of the cluster to deploy. This module supports 4.4, 5.0, or 6.0. By default 5.0 is deployed.

Type: `string`

Default: `"5.0"`

### <a name="input_cluster_region"></a> [cluster\_region](#input\_cluster\_region)

Description: The AWS region to deploy the cluster into.

Type: `string`

Default: `"us-east-1"`

### <a name="input_enable_cluster_auto_scaling"></a> [enable\_cluster\_auto\_scaling](#input\_enable\_cluster\_auto\_scaling)

Description: Set to true to enable auto scaling for the cluster's compute and storage. Recommended for production clusters.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_enable_cluster_automated_patches"></a> [enable\_cluster\_automated\_patches](#input\_enable\_cluster\_automated\_patches)

Description: Set to true to allow Atlas to automatically update your cluster to the latest patch release of the MongoDB version specified in the cluster\_mongodb\_version field.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_enable_cluster_backups"></a> [enable\_cluster\_backups](#input\_enable\_cluster\_backups)

Description: Set to true to enable backups for the cluster. Recommended for production clusters.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_enable_cluster_terimination_protection"></a> [enable\_cluster\_terimination\_protection](#input\_enable\_cluster\_terimination\_protection)

Description: Set to true to prevent terraform from deleting the Atlas cluster. Recommended for production clusters.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_enable_retain_deleted_cluster_backups"></a> [enable\_retain\_deleted\_cluster\_backups](#input\_enable\_retain\_deleted\_cluster\_backups)

Description: Set to true to retain backup snapshots for the deleted cluster. Recommended for production clusters.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
